Wolf temperature controller UI

On startup, the knob flashes "5-5" (Saal-Shustek) 3 times, then shows the reboot count.
The oven otherwise works as documented by Wolf, except with better temperature control.

But: there are hidden configuration menus for controlling all sorts of things.

   "right" below means turn the knob to "temp up" momentarily.
   "left" below means turn the knob to "temp down" momentarily.

A fast (<1 second) left-right-left-right sequence of the up/down knob
when the selector switch is "off" causes configuration mode to start.

   "Con" flashes for 3 seconds, then menu choices are displayed in sequence, 
   each for 3 seconds. Select a choice with "right".
   Subdirectories might then be shown, also selected with "right".
   Numbers can be changed with "right" to go up and "left" to go down. 
     If held, it will autorepeat in increments of 5.
     Number entry ends after 3 seconds with no activity.
   Changes are confirmed by displaying "yAy", and are written to non-volatile memory.
   
   This is the menu structure:
   
      CAL    Calculation mode (The first one to get a "right" is selected.)
         pId    proportional-integral-differential (the default)
           P       PID coefficients, from 0 to 99.9, with a decimal point
            nnd      assumed between the second and third digits.
           I         Example: "015" means 1.5 
            nnd      Defaults are 4.0, 0.5, and 0.1
           d
            nnd
         H1     heuristic 1
            nnn   H1 duty cycle, from 0% to 100%, default 50%
         H2     heuristic 2
         non    none; revert to Wolf temperature control
         dut    fixed duty cycle mode (for testing)
            nnn   duty cycle, from 0% to 100%, default 50%
      dAt      Export recent temperature history data as a CSV file through the knob jack
               (2400 baud, starting when the mode switch moves momentarily), 
               or the programming connector (115200 baud), or the debug port (115200 baud).
      dEL      delta time between temperature history measurements in seconds (default is 10)
          nnn     1 to 1000
      CyC      algorithm cycle time in seconds (default is 60)
          nnn     21 to 300
      oPt      set options
          dut     should we display the heating duty cycle on the knob? 
                    "yE5" or "no" (default)
          ...   (more to come?)
      InF      show info 
                  rEL  release (version): xyz
      rE5      reset: set all non-volatile options to the defaults, except CPU clock speed
      rEb      reboot 

There is a special mode for one-time initialization that sets the processor clock speed.
   Do a fast left-right-left-right, but hold the last right for at least five seconds.
   If the knob is working, it will flash "CLO" (for "clock") 3 times.
   We then start with a low frequency and incrementally move to higher frequencies.
   Signal the correct frequency in one of two ways:
     - Watch the knob display and/or debugging serial output, and flick the knob left to
       identify the lowest frequency that works for both, and again after that to identify
       the first frequency that fails for either. We'll use the average of the two.
     - Watch an oscilloscope connected to MOSI, and flick right to identify exactly 1 Khz.
   We store the frequency in EEPROM, and use it from then on at initialization.
   
 The 6-pin oven-front connector is the standard IDE programming port for downloading firmware.
 A compile-time option will send debugging information through the connector as serial ASCII
 at 115200 baud. The lower left pin is ground, and the lower middle pin is 3V serial data.
    RESET     CLK      data in
     GND    data out     +3V
 
 
 LJS 5 Apr 2021
